README.md, before:

# Refresh

You can find the deployed project at [Netlify](https://confident-elion-57dd1e.netlify.com/).

## Contributors

### [Dayton Steinmeyer](https://github.com/DaytonS3)   

[<img src="https://i.ibb.co/743JbBD/dayton.jpg" width = "250" />](https://github.com/DaytonS3)

Dayton's leadership and persistence paved the way to a successful launch. As a leader, he helped team members focus on their strengths and negotiate in a positive direction. He is in the midst of his job hunt and can't wait to begin a fruitful new career in web development.

[<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="30"> ](https://github.com/DaytonS3)   [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="30"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/in/daytonsteinmeyer/)   [_<img src="https://i.ibb.co/8dpgTDM/twitter-logo-clipart-free-20.jpg" width="30">_](https://twitter.com/D_a_y_t_o_n)

 ### [Daniel Wallen](https://github.com/WebWallen)  
 
[<img src="https://i.ibb.co/kJzVjPf/daniel.jpg" width = "250" />](https://github.com/WebWallen)

As a former fitness professional, Daniel is super passionate about the Refresh app. He also utilized his copywriting skills to make the landing page script stand out. Daniel has published more than 200 articles online and walked 100 shelter dogs (many of whom found homes).

[<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="30"> ](https://github.com/WebWallen)   [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="30"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/in/WebWallen/)   [_<img src="https://i.ibb.co/8dpgTDM/twitter-logo-clipart-free-20.jpg" width="30">_](https://twitter.com/WebWallen)   [_<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c2/F_icon.svg" width="30">_](https://facebook.com/WebWallen)   [_<img src="https://i.ibb.co/DV14pSW/iconfinder-84-Dev-logo-logos-4373243.png" alt="iconfinder-84-Dev-logo-logos-4373243" width="30">_](https://dev.to/WebWallen)   
 
 ### [Roman Jordan](https://github.com/Roman-Jordan) 
 
[<img src="https://i.ibb.co/7tRC8jQ/roman.png" width = "250" />](https://github.com/Roman-Jordan)

Roman is as "off-the-grid" as you can realistically get in this day-and-age. Where does he live? Nobody knows. Here at Refresh, we're constantly thankful Roman lacks the capacity to commit evil and nefarious acts. Trust me when I say he's smart enough to hack all your apps, no matter how secure you think they are.

[<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="30"> ](https://github.com/Roman-Jordan)   [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="30"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/in/roman-jordan-102529126/)
 
 ### [Melissa Murphy](https://github.com/melissa-murphy) 
 
 [<img src="https://i.ibb.co/1ZD3Q73/melissa.jpg" width = "250" />](https://github.com/melissa-murphy)
 
Melissa has tons of leadership experience. She managed 25 team leaders during her time at Lambda School. She found great fulfillment in helping students find the support they need so they can maximize their full potential. As a freelancer, she has spent seven years designing and developing websites while providing marketing services as well.

[<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="30"> ](https://github.com/melissa-murphy)   [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="30"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/in/melissamurphy/)   [_<img src="https://i.ibb.co/8dpgTDM/twitter-logo-clipart-free-20.jpg" width="30">_](https://twitter.com/thinkModes)
 
 ### [Josh Cooter](https://github.com/thejoshcooter)  
 
 [<img src="https://i.ibb.co/vwwrtm7/josh.jpg" width = "250" />](https://github.com/thejoshcooter)
 
Josh Cooter has served as an Account Executive in the mortgage industry since 2015. A Texas native, Josh's impact on the quality of the Refresh app has been as large as his homestate. His dedication focused team efforts with the power of extensive Notion documents and a well-organized Trello board.

[<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="30"> ](https://github.com/thejoshcooter)   [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="30"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joshcooter/)
 
 ### [Jeremy Brady](https://github.com/jeremybrady702) 
 
 [<img src="https://i.ibb.co/Hz1Bwq5/jeremy.png" width = "250" />](https://github.com/jeremybrady702)
 
Jeremy Brady was born to program. He's been interested in gaming and computers for his entire life. A self-taught programmer for five years, Jeremy came to Lambda with hopes to provide a better future for his family. After working as a trucker and chauffer for several years, he's excited to begin a career that challenges him mentally instead of physically.

[<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="30"> ](https://github.com/jeremybrady702)   [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="30"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeremybrady702/)   [_<img src="https://i.ibb.co/8dpgTDM/twitter-logo-clipart-free-20.jpg" width="30">_](https://twitter.com/jeremybrady702)
 
 ### [Christina Delligatta](https://github.com/TinaDelli) 
 
 [<img src="https://i.ibb.co/6bBS4Kx/christina.jpg" width = "250" />](https://github.com/TinaDelli)
 
Christina provided many creative ideas that assisted the gamified aspect of this app. In fact, she is in the process of learning Unity so she can develop games in addition to websites. She is the proud mother of two minions who often joined our team during Zoom meetings.

[<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="30"> ](https://github.com/TinaDelli)   [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="30"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tinadelli/)   [_<img src="https://i.ibb.co/8dpgTDM/twitter-logo-clipart-free-20.jpg" width="30">_](https://twitter.com/Tinadevelops)
 
 ### [Gina Christians](https://github.com/Chrisgins) 
 
 [<img src="https://i.ibb.co/ym2MkPv/gina.jpg" width = "250" />](https://github.com/Chrisgins)
 
Gina is the founder and product owner of Engine 228 Games in Denver, CO. She has worked for, and with, companies such as CableLabs, Echostar, Time-Warner Cable, Charter Communications, and Rovi (now Tivo). At the present, she is a Senior Software QA Engineeer who has proudly mentored many junior engineers and served as a Team Lead at Lambda School.

[<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="30"> ](https://github.com/Chrisgins)   [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="30"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gina-christians228/)   [_<img src="https://i.ibb.co/8dpgTDM/twitter-logo-clipart-free-20.jpg" width="30">_](https://twitter.com/christians_gina)
 
 ### [Michael Baynon](https://github.com/MichaelBaynon) 
 
 [<img src="https://i.ibb.co/ZcYmy1r/michael.png" width = "250" />](https://github.com/MichaelBaynon)
 
Michael always thought something exactly like the Refresh app should exist, so he loved the process of building it. He hails from Florida, to the envy of the rest of us who have to suffer an actual winter. His favorite thing about Lambda School so far? Building Worthymon: an app that determines whether or not a Pokemon is worth catching.

[<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="30"> ](https://github.com/MichaelBaynon)   [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="30"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/in/michael-baynon-64592918a/)
 
 ### [Taylor Watson](https://github.com/taylorwatsonb) 
 
 [<img src="https://i.ibb.co/8cGVvRL/taylor.png" width="250" />](https://github.com/taylorwatsonb)
 
Taylor Watson is an artist, UX designer, and software engineer from New York. Despite ending up with double the work she expected, she's flawlessly executed every design and wireframe. She worked closely with developers to make sure her vision could be brought to life in a fully functional healthy habit app.

[<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="30"> ](https://github.com/taylorwatsonb)   [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="30"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/in/taylornwatson/)

 
|                                [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/)                                |                            [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/honda0306)                             |                          [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/Mister-Corn)                           |                          [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/NandoTheessen)                           |                           [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/wvandolah)                            |
|                [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="15"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/)                |                 [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="15"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/)                 |                [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="15"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/)                |                 [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="15"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/)                 |                [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="15"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/)                |

<br>
<br>

🚫 4️⃣ Optional examples of using images with links for your tech stack, make sure to change these to fit your project

![MIT](https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/doctrine/orm.svg)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-v16.7.0--alpha.2-blue.svg)
![Typescript](https://img.shields.io/npm/types/typescript.svg?style=flat)
[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/b5c4db1c-b10d-42c3-b157-3746edd9e81d/deploy-status)](netlify link goes in these parenthesis)
[![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)

🚫 more info on using badges [here](https://github.com/badges/shields)

## Project Overview

1️⃣ [Trello Board](🚫add link to trello board here)

1️⃣ [Product Canvas](🚫add link to product canvas here)

1️⃣ [UX Design files](🚫add link to design files here) - 🚫 delete if not applicable

🚫 Replace lorem ipsum with a description of your project

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.

Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

### 4️⃣ Key Features

- feature one
- feature two
- feature three
- feature four
- feature five

## 1️⃣ Tech Stack

### Front end built using:

#### _Front end framework goes here_

🚫 Why did you choose this framework?

- point one
- point two
- point three
- point four

🚫List the rest of the front end features and libraries in the same format as the framework above.

#### Front end deployed to `🚫insert service here`

#### [Back end](🚫link to back end repo here) built using:

#### 🚫 back end framework goes here

- point one
- point two
- point three

🚫 List the rest of the back end end features and libraries in the same format as the framework above

# APIs

## 2️⃣ Authentication API here

🚫Replace text below with a description of the API

Water's like me. It's laaazy ... Boy, it always looks for the easiest way to do things A little happy sunlight shining through there. Let all these little things happen. Don't fight them. Learn to use them. Even the worst thing we can do here is good.

## 2️⃣ Payment API here

🚫Replace text below with a description of the API

This is the way you take out your flustrations. Get away from those little Christmas tree things we used to make in school. Isn't it fantastic that you can change your mind and create all these happy things? Everything's not great in life, but we can still find beauty in it.

## 3️⃣ Misc API here

🚫Replace text below with a description of the API

You can do anything your heart can imagine. In life you need colors. This is where you take out all your hostilities and frustrations. It's better than kicking the puppy dog around and all that so. I'm sort of a softy, I couldn't shoot Bambi except with a camera. Trees get lonely too, so we'll give him a little friend. We'll lay all these little funky little things in there.

## 3️⃣ Misc API here

🚫Replace text below with a description of the API

When you do it your way you can go anywhere you choose. Let your heart take you to wherever you want to be. If I paint something, I don't want to have to explain what it is. A tree needs to be your friend if you're going to paint him. That's a son of a gun of a cloud. Even the worst thing we can do here is good.

## 3️⃣ Misc API here

🚫Replace text below with a description of the API

Volunteering your time; it pays you and your whole community fantastic dividends. Maybe there's a happy little waterfall happening over here. You can spend all day playing with mountains. We don't have to be committed. We are just playing here. You have freedom here. The only guide is your heart. It's cold, but it's beautiful.

# 3️⃣ Environment Variables

In order for the app to function correctly, the user must set up their own environment variables. There should be a .env file containing the following:

🚫These are just examples, replace them with the specifics for your app

    *  REACT_APP_apiKey - this is your Google API key, which can be generated in the Google Cloud Console
    *  REACT_APP_authDomain - when you set up your Firebase project, this information will be in the dashboard
    *  REACT_APP_databaseURL - in the Firebase dashboard
    *  REACT_APP_projectID - in the Firebase dashboard
    *  REACT_APP_storageBucket - in the Firebase dashboard
    *  REACT_APP_messagingSenderId - in the Firebase dashboard
    *  REACT_APP_stripe_API - this is your public Stripe API key, generated in the Stripe dashboard
    *  REACT_APP_backendURL - optional for your local development server
    *  REACT_APP_clientid - this is the Stripe_connect clientID, generated in Stripe_connect settings
    *  REACT_APP_stripe_plan - this is the ID for a second Stripe subscription plan, generated under Stripe products

# 5️⃣ Content Licenses

🚫For all content - images, icons, etc, use this table to document permission of use. Remove the two placeholders and add you content to this table

| Image Filename | Source / Creator | License                                                                      |
| -------------- | ---------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| doodles.png    | Nicole Bennett   | [Creative Commons](https://www.toptal.com/designers/subtlepatterns/doodles/) |
| rings.svg      | Sam Herbert      | [MIT](https://github.com/SamHerbert/SVG-Loaders)                             |

# 4️⃣ Testing

🚫Document what you used for testing and why

# 4️⃣ Installation Instructions

🚫explain how to install the required dependencies to get this project up and running with yarn and NPM

## Other Scripts

🚫replace these examples with your own

    * typecheck - runs the TypeScript compiler
    * build - creates a build of the application
    * start - starts the production server after a build is created
    * test - runs tests in **tests** directory \* eject - copy the configuration files and dependencies into the project so you have full control over them

# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue, email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change.

Please note we have a [code of conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). Please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

## Issue/Bug Request

**If you are having an issue with the existing project code, please submit a bug report under the following guidelines:**

- Check first to see if your issue has already been reported.
- Check to see if the issue has recently been fixed by attempting to reproduce the issue using the latest master branch in the repository.
- Create a live example of the problem.
- Submit a detailed bug report including your environment & browser, steps to reproduce the issue, actual and expected outcomes, where you believe the issue is originating from, and any potential solutions you have considered.

### Feature Requests

We would love to hear from you about new features which would improve this app and further the aims of our project. Please provide as much detail and information as possible to show us why you think your new feature should be implemented.

### Pull Requests

If you have developed a patch, bug fix, or new feature that would improve this app, please submit a pull request. It is best to communicate your ideas with the developers first before investing a great deal of time into a pull request to ensure that it will mesh smoothly with the project.

Remember that this project is licensed under the MIT license, and by submitting a pull request, you agree that your work will be, too.

#### Pull Request Guidelines

- Ensure any install or build dependencies are removed before the end of the layer when doing a build.
- Update the README.md with details of changes to the interface, including new plist variables, exposed ports, useful file locations and container parameters.
- Ensure that your code conforms to our existing code conventions and test coverage.
- Include the relevant issue number, if applicable.
- You may merge the Pull Request in once you have the sign-off of two other developers, or if you do not have permission to do that, you may request the second reviewer to merge it for you.

### Attribution

These contribution guidelines have been adapted from [this good-Contributing.md-template](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426).

## Documentation

See [Backend Documentation](🚫*link to your backend readme here*) for details on the backend of our project.

Commit message:

Done with all the important parts.
Saving tech stack related stuff for later as I imagine it'd benefit from the perspective we'll gain throughout the remainder of Labs. Will plan on knocking the rest out in a couple of weeks.

README.md, after:

# Refresh

You can find the deployed project at [Netlify](https://confident-elion-57dd1e.netlify.com/).

## Contributors

### [Dayton Steinmeyer](https://github.com/DaytonS3)   

[<img src="https://i.ibb.co/743JbBD/dayton.jpg" width = "250" />](https://github.com/DaytonS3)

Dayton's leadership and persistence paved the way to a successful launch. As a leader, he helped team members focus on their strengths and negotiate in a positive direction. He is in the midst of his job hunt and can't wait to begin a fruitful new career in web development.

[<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="30"> ](https://github.com/DaytonS3)   [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="30"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/in/daytonsteinmeyer/)   [_<img src="https://i.ibb.co/8dpgTDM/twitter-logo-clipart-free-20.jpg" width="30">_](https://twitter.com/D_a_y_t_o_n)

 ### [Daniel Wallen](https://github.com/WebWallen)  
 
[<img src="https://i.ibb.co/kJzVjPf/daniel.jpg" width = "250" />](https://github.com/WebWallen)

As a former fitness professional, Daniel is super passionate about the Refresh app. He also utilized his copywriting skills to make the landing page script stand out. Daniel has published more than 200 articles online and walked 100 shelter dogs (many of whom found homes).

[<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="30"> ](https://github.com/WebWallen)   [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="30"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/in/WebWallen/)   [_<img src="https://i.ibb.co/8dpgTDM/twitter-logo-clipart-free-20.jpg" width="30">_](https://twitter.com/WebWallen)   [_<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c2/F_icon.svg" width="30">_](https://facebook.com/WebWallen)   [_<img src="https://i.ibb.co/DV14pSW/iconfinder-84-Dev-logo-logos-4373243.png" alt="iconfinder-84-Dev-logo-logos-4373243" width="30">_](https://dev.to/WebWallen)   
 
 ### [Roman Jordan](https://github.com/Roman-Jordan) 
 
[<img src="https://i.ibb.co/7tRC8jQ/roman.png" width = "250" />](https://github.com/Roman-Jordan)

Roman is as "off-the-grid" as you can realistically get in this day-and-age. Where does he live? Nobody knows. Here at Refresh, we're constantly thankful Roman lacks the capacity to commit evil and nefarious acts. Trust me when I say he's smart enough to hack all your apps, no matter how secure you think they are.

[<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="30"> ](https://github.com/Roman-Jordan)   [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="30"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/in/roman-jordan-102529126/)
 
 ### [Melissa Murphy](https://github.com/melissa-murphy) 
 
 [<img src="https://i.ibb.co/1ZD3Q73/melissa.jpg" width = "250" />](https://github.com/melissa-murphy)
 
Melissa has tons of leadership experience. She managed 25 team leaders during her time at Lambda School. She found great fulfillment in helping students find the support they need so they can maximize their full potential. As a freelancer, she has spent seven years designing and developing websites while providing marketing services as well.

[<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="30"> ](https://github.com/melissa-murphy)   [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="30"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/in/melissamurphy/)   [_<img src="https://i.ibb.co/8dpgTDM/twitter-logo-clipart-free-20.jpg" width="30">_](https://twitter.com/thinkModes)
 
 ### [Josh Cooter](https://github.com/thejoshcooter)  
 
 [<img src="https://i.ibb.co/vwwrtm7/josh.jpg" width = "250" />](https://github.com/thejoshcooter)
 
Josh Cooter has served as an Account Executive in the mortgage industry since 2015. A Texas native, Josh's impact on the quality of the Refresh app has been as large as his homestate. His dedication focused team efforts with the power of extensive Notion documents and a well-organized Trello board.

[<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="30"> ](https://github.com/thejoshcooter)   [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="30"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joshcooter/)
 
 ### [Jeremy Brady](https://github.com/jeremybrady702) 
 
 [<img src="https://i.ibb.co/Hz1Bwq5/jeremy.png" width = "250" />](https://github.com/jeremybrady702)
 
Jeremy Brady was born to program. He's been interested in gaming and computers for his entire life. A self-taught programmer for five years, Jeremy came to Lambda with hopes to provide a better future for his family. After working as a trucker and chauffer for several years, he's excited to begin a career that challenges him mentally instead of physically.

[<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="30"> ](https://github.com/jeremybrady702)   [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="30"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeremybrady702/)   [_<img src="https://i.ibb.co/8dpgTDM/twitter-logo-clipart-free-20.jpg" width="30">_](https://twitter.com/jeremybrady702)
 
 ### [Christina Delligatta](https://github.com/TinaDelli) 
 
 [<img src="https://i.ibb.co/6bBS4Kx/christina.jpg" width = "250" />](https://github.com/TinaDelli)
 
Christina provided many creative ideas that assisted the gamified aspect of this app. In fact, she is in the process of learning Unity so she can develop games in addition to websites. She is the proud mother of two minions who often joined our team during Zoom meetings.

[<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="30"> ](https://github.com/TinaDelli)   [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="30"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tinadelli/)   [_<img src="https://i.ibb.co/8dpgTDM/twitter-logo-clipart-free-20.jpg" width="30">_](https://twitter.com/Tinadevelops)
 
 ### [Gina Christians](https://github.com/Chrisgins) 
 
 [<img src="https://i.ibb.co/ym2MkPv/gina.jpg" width = "250" />](https://github.com/Chrisgins)
 
Gina is the founder and product owner of Engine 228 Games in Denver, CO. She has worked for, and with, companies such as CableLabs, Echostar, Time-Warner Cable, Charter Communications, and Rovi (now Tivo). At the present, she is a Senior Software QA Engineeer who has proudly mentored many junior engineers and served as a Team Lead at Lambda School.

[<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="30"> ](https://github.com/Chrisgins)   [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="30"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gina-christians228/)   [_<img src="https://i.ibb.co/8dpgTDM/twitter-logo-clipart-free-20.jpg" width="30">_](https://twitter.com/christians_gina)
 
 ### [Michael Baynon](https://github.com/MichaelBaynon) 
 
 [<img src="https://i.ibb.co/ZcYmy1r/michael.png" width = "250" />](https://github.com/MichaelBaynon)
 
Michael always thought something exactly like the Refresh app should exist, so he loved the process of building it. He hails from Florida, to the envy of the rest of us who have to suffer an actual winter. His favorite thing about Lambda School so far? Building Worthymon: an app that determines whether or not a Pokemon is worth catching.

[<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="30"> ](https://github.com/MichaelBaynon)   [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="30"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/in/michael-baynon-64592918a/)
 
 ### [Taylor Watson](https://github.com/taylorwatsonb) 
 
 [<img src="https://i.ibb.co/8cGVvRL/taylor.png" width="250" />](https://github.com/taylorwatsonb)
 
Taylor Watson is an artist, UX designer, and software engineer from New York. Despite ending up with double the work she expected, she's flawlessly executed every design and wireframe. She worked closely with developers to make sure her vision could be brought to life in a fully functional healthy habit app.

[<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="30"> ](https://github.com/taylorwatsonb)   [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="30"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/in/taylornwatson/)

<br>
<br>

🚫 4️⃣ Optional examples of using images with links for your tech stack, make sure to change these to fit your project

![MIT](https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/doctrine/orm.svg)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-v16.7.0--alpha.2-blue.svg)
![Typescript](https://img.shields.io/npm/types/typescript.svg?style=flat)
[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/b5c4db1c-b10d-42c3-b157-3746edd9e81d/deploy-status)](netlify link goes in these parenthesis)
[![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)

🚫 more info on using badges [here](https://github.com/badges/shields)

## Project Overview

1️⃣ [Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/Zxyl0mTF/refresh)

1️⃣ [Product Canvas](https://www.notion.so/Refresh-3bda0a7ae16345ee8276e766c619ee75)

1️⃣ [UX Design files](https://www.figma.com/file/meuu04MKZdKVQFb1zEGSkr/Refresh)

Refresh is a healthy habit app designed specifically for Lambda School students and staff. We took a poll of 50+ students and discovered the overwhelming majority feels they don't have time for anything beyond their studies.

Unfortunately, this perspective can easily lead to burn-out and health consequences. Our app exists for the sole purpose of helping every Lambdanite build simple but powerful healthy habits that will transform them into strong, energetic, productive beings.

### 4️⃣ Key Features

- feature one
- feature two
- feature three
- feature four
- feature five

## 1️⃣ Tech Stack

### Front end built using:

#### _Front end framework goes here_

🚫 Why did you choose this framework?

- point one
- point two
- point three
- point four

🚫List the rest of the front end features and libraries in the same format as the framework above.

#### Front end deployed to `🚫insert service here`

#### [Back end](🚫link to back end repo here) built using:

#### 🚫 back end framework goes here

- point one
- point two
- point three

🚫 List the rest of the back end end features and libraries in the same format as the framework above

# APIs

## 2️⃣ Authentication API here

🚫Replace text below with a description of the API

Water's like me. It's laaazy ... Boy, it always looks for the easiest way to do things A little happy sunlight shining through there. Let all these little things happen. Don't fight them. Learn to use them. Even the worst thing we can do here is good.

## 2️⃣ Payment API here

🚫Replace text below with a description of the API

This is the way you take out your flustrations. Get away from those little Christmas tree things we used to make in school. Isn't it fantastic that you can change your mind and create all these happy things? Everything's not great in life, but we can still find beauty in it.

## 3️⃣ Misc API here

🚫Replace text below with a description of the API

You can do anything your heart can imagine. In life you need colors. This is where you take out all your hostilities and frustrations. It's better than kicking the puppy dog around and all that so. I'm sort of a softy, I couldn't shoot Bambi except with a camera. Trees get lonely too, so we'll give him a little friend. We'll lay all these little funky little things in there.

## 3️⃣ Misc API here

🚫Replace text below with a description of the API

When you do it your way you can go anywhere you choose. Let your heart take you to wherever you want to be. If I paint something, I don't want to have to explain what it is. A tree needs to be your friend if you're going to paint him. That's a son of a gun of a cloud. Even the worst thing we can do here is good.

## 3️⃣ Misc API here

🚫Replace text below with a description of the API

Volunteering your time; it pays you and your whole community fantastic dividends. Maybe there's a happy little waterfall happening over here. You can spend all day playing with mountains. We don't have to be committed. We are just playing here. You have freedom here. The only guide is your heart. It's cold, but it's beautiful.

# 3️⃣ Environment Variables

In order for the app to function correctly, the user must set up their own environment variables. There should be a .env file containing the following:

🚫These are just examples, replace them with the specifics for your app

    *  REACT_APP_apiKey - this is your Google API key, which can be generated in the Google Cloud Console
    *  REACT_APP_authDomain - when you set up your Firebase project, this information will be in the dashboard
    *  REACT_APP_databaseURL - in the Firebase dashboard
    *  REACT_APP_projectID - in the Firebase dashboard
    *  REACT_APP_storageBucket - in the Firebase dashboard
    *  REACT_APP_messagingSenderId - in the Firebase dashboard
    *  REACT_APP_stripe_API - this is your public Stripe API key, generated in the Stripe dashboard
    *  REACT_APP_backendURL - optional for your local development server
    *  REACT_APP_clientid - this is the Stripe_connect clientID, generated in Stripe_connect settings
    *  REACT_APP_stripe_plan - this is the ID for a second Stripe subscription plan, generated under Stripe products

# 5️⃣ Content Licenses

🚫For all content - images, icons, etc, use this table to document permission of use. Remove the two placeholders and add you content to this table

| Image Filename | Source / Creator | License                                                                      |
| -------------- | ---------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| doodles.png    | Nicole Bennett   | [Creative Commons](https://www.toptal.com/designers/subtlepatterns/doodles/) |
| rings.svg      | Sam Herbert      | [MIT](https://github.com/SamHerbert/SVG-Loaders)                             |

# 4️⃣ Testing

🚫Document what you used for testing and why

# 4️⃣ Installation Instructions

🚫explain how to install the required dependencies to get this project up and running with yarn and NPM

## Other Scripts

🚫replace these examples with your own

    * typecheck - runs the TypeScript compiler
    * build - creates a build of the application
    * start - starts the production server after a build is created
    * test - runs tests in **tests** directory \* eject - copy the configuration files and dependencies into the project so you have full control over them

# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue, email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change.

Please note we have a [code of conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). Please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

## Issue/Bug Request

**If you are having an issue with the existing project code, please submit a bug report under the following guidelines:**

- Check first to see if your issue has already been reported.
- Check to see if the issue has recently been fixed by attempting to reproduce the issue using the latest master branch in the repository.
- Create a live example of the problem.
- Submit a detailed bug report including your environment & browser, steps to reproduce the issue, actual and expected outcomes, where you believe the issue is originating from, and any potential solutions you have considered.

### Feature Requests

We would love to hear from you about new features which would improve this app and further the aims of our project. Please provide as much detail and information as possible to show us why you think your new feature should be implemented.

### Pull Requests

If you have developed a patch, bug fix, or new feature that would improve this app, please submit a pull request. It is best to communicate your ideas with the developers first before investing a great deal of time into a pull request to ensure that it will mesh smoothly with the project.

Remember that this project is licensed under the MIT license, and by submitting a pull request, you agree that your work will be, too.

#### Pull Request Guidelines

- Ensure any install or build dependencies are removed before the end of the layer when doing a build.
- Update the README.md with details of changes to the interface, including new plist variables, exposed ports, useful file locations and container parameters.
- Ensure that your code conforms to our existing code conventions and test coverage.
- Include the relevant issue number, if applicable.
- You may merge the Pull Request in once you have the sign-off of two other developers, or if you do not have permission to do that, you may request the second reviewer to merge it for you.

### Attribution

These contribution guidelines have been adapted from [this good-Contributing.md-template](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426).

## Documentation

See [Backend Documentation](🚫*link to your backend readme here*) for details on the backend of our project.
